OK, cool.
It's recording.
Michael, can you show us what you have done today?
OK, you can make yourself or.
OK.
I'll just talk to you.
Yeah.
So can you see my screen?
So what I've done is basically this folder damage.
You can, but you're, uh, you're muted.
So but like they can hear me in your microphone.
Ohh yeah, sure.
OK, cool.
So goes working on the machine learning portal.
I finished merging the data.
And it looks like like this.
So we have one day.
No, sorry.
We have one data set with all the data managed by by the neighborhood I'm here.
So yeah, it's like this.
And I started building a model based on this sort of cool actually.
So you have total crimes in there, you have total nuisance soon.
Yeah, it's like unemployment, population and uh, do you want to make another table with a heat stress index and livability index?
We have actually heat stress, but because of the how limited the data is.
Hmm.
It's you can see like it's starts with 2015 for the yeah.
But you also have like on a road 237 you have something with your 2014.
Yeah, it's like because of this data set it's it's very inconsistent.
OK, so if we I think we need to look for more data on this if we want to use that.
OK.
But the livability text maybe.
I didn't think about this before.
Maybe it's.
Yeah, we need to check.
We need to check.
OK, cool.
Uh, did you struggle with anything today?
It took me some time to merge it that there's still inflated it, that the biggest problem was with trying to improve the model.
Umm, that's the there's version.
That's like 0.75 R-squared.
And then whenever I try to improve it, it's got worse.
And yeah, with the SVR model that we talked about, umm, minus, yeah, OK, but now we need to select a model or make more models like a decision tree or something like that.
Yeah, we can do that.
And we have some queries like linear model.
I think it's fine.
Yeah.
And then we need to visualize it.
OK, cool.
That's what uh until ISA.
OK, I'll share my screen.
OK, so right now it's running the.
It's a problem.
No.
Did a correlation matrix based on the merged file from Michael with a legend as well, and I also checked the data quality report to see if it was OK and went to Shawna for the question Hour.
Basically, we have to give more.
Also with the channel say is uh, I forgot to ask.
Cool.
Since next already has it in one.
Yeah, he said.
It's your hair.
He said it's your hair.
Uh, did you hear Marwa or not?
No, no, not no.
But my phone is off because I can't connect my headphones.
So, OK.
OK.
Marva asked what Shawna said.
Marwa asked what Shawna said.
Ohh, I'll send you the file the the feedback.
I wrote it down.
Alright, thank you.
You guys are that you actually sent it like?
Could you actually send it like in the in the teams are?
Yeah, I'll do that right now.
They send it in the stand up.
But by the way, so you send it in the stand up?
Uh thing we're working on now.
Yeah, I'll send it in the stand up chats.
OK, cool.
It's OK.
So what?
OK, So what?
Uh, ohh.
Tomorrow.
Marwa, what are you?
What are you?
What are?
What did you?
Work on today.
You work on today.
Umm many on the data quality report that's finished.
You know things are not working, doesn't matter.
Impossible.
Let's do this.
I know.
And now I'm looking at YouTube videos about streamlets so I know what to include in the wireframe.
Can you show me what finished?
Uh, can you show what you've finished today?
That they are quality of yeah, sure.
And then I think it's today, you know doesn't work.
I mean, I sent it in the group chat. Wait.
Just you can see your point from where you know.
Uh.
See and.
I mean, today I had to rewrite introduction.
Box Ali.
I had to.
I did quite some stuff since wasn't fluent enough, I added.
And those, uh, those bar charts are also in.
A Jupiter notebook somewhere in the repository or not?
Umm, no, not yet.
But I still have to upload them then.
But yeah, that's basically it.
And I added some visualizations.
Yeah.
So I'll upload them after.
OK.
And what else did you do?
Yeah, that that was about it.
So now I'm watching videos about wireframe and streaming it.
OK, cool.
I did.
Let's see.
How do I share my screen again sure.
So I worked on the but a home page for Trello or Trello for a Streamlight.
I tried to visualize a.
They said that we have the Redford nuisances in Breda, not from each neighborhood, but already totality of later.
And I tried to visualize a map in.
A.
What's it called the streamlet?
I couldn't show you here if it's still open.
So over here.
So this is our home page.
When you click on someone, it pops up here in the middle and it shows you the description there.
It's uh.
Gives you a link to their and get a page name and the picture release it's question.
So we did come up with or we did alter our research question a little bit.
And that's shown here.
So our new research question is, what are the most important factors that the municipality of Preda needs to take into account to effectively allocate resource in order to prevent public nuisance?
And can the development of an algorithm 8IN predicting the risk of public nuisance in specific errors within the municipality?
So that's our new research question.
Uh, that's barchart.
I tried to visualize it's not visualized properly, but at least I have something and here you can select what year she went to visualize and which newest and she went to visualize.
And over here is uh, that map visual what I did.
If it wants to run once the load appeared as that's what I did today.
And of course, that new Trello, uh Sprint planning that we did it all the time, that's it.
Mark, did you write to new research question in the road map?
Uh.
Because then I have to update it.
I don't have to update the report.
I didn't write it in here, no.
Could you send it maybe.
Uh umm?
There's that's here.
Place.
They go, but uh, these are the two change the Y and stuff from the project proposal.
So can you maybe upload that?
OK, that's it.
That's what we did.
I don't matter what has Marwa do.
You have mentioned in the references of the.
You need to reference chat EPT if you used it.
Yeah, I did.
So what do you mean you did a reference it or you did use it?
I reference it.
And thing you showed us, where is it again?
Yes, I did.
And it's an API style.
OK.
Yeah, it doesn't have to be in a cell, but I mean, you're not gonna be graded on it.
So where is chichi pity evidence in the bibliography?
Wait, that's the first one I sent the one I uploaded on GitHub has the chat app.
Yeah.
And the it's bibliography.
I can tell it again late.
No, no.
If it's on GitHub, then doesn't matter.
Yeah, but I have to.
Uh, change the research question again so.
Yeah, that's cool.
Just altered it a little bit.
Yeah.
Do you?
Uh, do you know what you have to do for the rest of the day?
Like half an hour and when next week.
Umm, I could look at Trello board.
This in the thread of board, right?
Would you have to do?
Yeah.
I mean, it's from funding.
Umm.
Wait, like what do you guys wanna prioritize?
Hold on.
Everything that's in the Sprint planning.
This.
So before next Friday, we went to have completed section C of the loading log.
That's most important.
Umm.
Like individually, uh, we uh.
Want to put charge in a in streamlet.
Everything else?
Yeah, we went to finish Streamlets entirely by Friday because we need to give like a demo presentation to a are they shun on Friday, so everything needs to be done by Friday.
Lettering.
Streamlets uh, everything needs to be done in stream later.
So that's uh, and you were watching uh tutorials on streaming it, right?
Yeah, never mind.
I was looking at the product backlog instead of spring planning.
So yeah and.
You got no Sprint planning, but maybe it's also easy for you to are you only watching the tutorials or are you also like following the tutorials like coding alongside it?
Umm, I'll follow it.
So you're also coding alongside the you mean?
Yeah.
OK, cool.
Uh, yeah, that's it.
That's it.
That's everything.
Anyone else?
Has something to say.
OK, cool.
One of those what to do then you're good, I think.
Yeah, you know what to do, right the next week.
Mother.
Yeah, I know what to do.
OK, cool.
Then we're done.
Good luck.
Have a nice weekend and Marwa will be here from Monday to Thursday the entire day at school.
Is.
A.
We'll be here.
Umm, uh, uh, I Tuesday to Thursday. The entire day.
I'll be here.
Maybe Friday.
I won't be there on Tuesday, though.
Monday I'll be a bit later, but then I'll.
Tuesday morning because I have a talk to an appointment.
Come again?
I have a doctor's appointment on Tuesday, so my come later.
OK, so you will be here on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday.
Yeah.
OK, cool.
Alright, that's it.
OK.
See you on Monday.
You like.
Ciao.